docs/en/deploy.md, before:

# EventoL Deploy

For a better and faster production implementation, **EventoL** is configurable through environment variables so that during the deployment the code doesn't have to be modified.

## **EventoL** environment variables

### Docker y Django

- HOST (Default: **localhost**)
- EXTERNAL_PORT (Default: 80)
- DOCKER_IMAGE_NAME (Default: **eventol/eventol**)
- DOCKER_IMAGE_VERSION (Default: **latest**)
- APP_DNS (Default: **localhost**)

### Django

- DEBUG (Default: **False**)
- TEMPLATE_DEBUG (Default: **False**)
- EMAIL_BACKEND (Default: **django.core.mail.backends.console.EmailBackend**)
- EMAIL_HOST (Default: **smtp.unset**)
- EMAIL_PORT (Default: **587**)
- EMAIL_HOST_USER (Default: **change_unset@mail.com**)
- EMAIL_HOST_PASSWORD (Default: **secret**)
- EMAIL_FROM (Default: **change_unset@mail.com**)
- ALLOWED_HOSTS (Default: **['*']**)
- SECRET_KEY (Default: **6(15by=#xqa2r-@-qqjc%gwo(y2#$66-)#)&w3j%+!ax3n+2v1**)
- LANGUAGE_CODE (Default: **en-US**)
- TIME_ZONE (Default: **UTC**)
- RECAPTCHA_USE_SSL (Default: **False**)
- REDIS_HOST (Default: **redis**)
- REDIS_PORT (Default: **6379**)
- EMAIL_USE_TLS (Default: **True**)
- ADMIN_TITLE (Default: **EventoL**)
- PRIVATE_ACTIVITIES (Default: **False**)
- LOG_FILE (Default: **/var/log/eventol/eventol.log**)
- LOAD_INITIAL_DATA (Default: **true**)
- WS_PROTOCOL (Default: **ws**)

### Postgres

- PSQL_DBNAME (Default: **eventol**)
- PSQL_USER (Default: **eventol**)
- PSQL_PASSWORD (Default: **secret**)
- PSQL_HOST (Default: **localhost**)
- PSQL_PORT (Default: **5432**)

## Deploy with Docker-Compose

### Update environment variables

```bash
cp deploy/docker/.env.dist deploy/docker/.env

# Change your variables in .env file
source .env
```

### Build nginx image with configuration

```bash
make build
```

### Build EventoL image

Only run this step when you want run local code in production mode

```bash
make build-local
```

### Deploy (pull, build and up)

```bash
make deploy
```

### Create admin user

```bash
make createsuperuser
```

## Result

### 6 containers

```bash
$ make status

        Name                      Command               State         Ports
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
docker_daphne_1        bash -c cd eventol; daphne ...   Up      8000/tcp
docker_nginx-proxy_1   /app/docker-entrypoint.sh  ...   Up      0.0.0.0:80->80/tcp
docker_nginx_1         /usr/sbin/nginx                  Up      80/tcp
docker_postgres_1      docker-entrypoint.sh postgres    Up      5432/tcp
docker_redis_1         docker-entrypoint.sh redis ...   Up      6379/tcp
docker_worker_1        ./wait-for-it.sh -p 5432 - ...   Up      8000/tcp
```

### Server run in: **http://localhost/** (if you didn't change the HOST variable in your environment)

### Stop containers

```bash
make stop
```

### Stop and remove containers (not remove data)

```bash
make undeploy
```

### Stop, remove contaienrs and REMOVE DATA

```bash
make undeploy-full
```

Commit message:

Add update command to deploy documentation

docs/en/deploy.md, after:

# EventoL Deploy

For a better and faster production implementation, **EventoL** is configurable through environment variables so that during the deployment the code doesn't have to be modified.

## **EventoL** environment variables

### Docker y Django

- HOST (Default: **localhost**)
- EXTERNAL_PORT (Default: 80)
- DOCKER_IMAGE_NAME (Default: **eventol/eventol**)
- DOCKER_IMAGE_VERSION (Default: **latest**)
- APP_DNS (Default: **localhost**)

### Django

- DEBUG (Default: **False**)
- TEMPLATE_DEBUG (Default: **False**)
- EMAIL_BACKEND (Default: **django.core.mail.backends.console.EmailBackend**)
- EMAIL_HOST (Default: **smtp.unset**)
- EMAIL_PORT (Default: **587**)
- EMAIL_HOST_USER (Default: **change_unset@mail.com**)
- EMAIL_HOST_PASSWORD (Default: **secret**)
- EMAIL_FROM (Default: **change_unset@mail.com**)
- ALLOWED_HOSTS (Default: **['*']**)
- SECRET_KEY (Default: **6(15by=#xqa2r-@-qqjc%gwo(y2#$66-)#)&w3j%+!ax3n+2v1**)
- LANGUAGE_CODE (Default: **en-US**)
- TIME_ZONE (Default: **UTC**)
- RECAPTCHA_USE_SSL (Default: **False**)
- REDIS_HOST (Default: **redis**)
- REDIS_PORT (Default: **6379**)
- EMAIL_USE_TLS (Default: **True**)
- ADMIN_TITLE (Default: **EventoL**)
- PRIVATE_ACTIVITIES (Default: **False**)
- LOG_FILE (Default: **/var/log/eventol/eventol.log**)
- LOAD_INITIAL_DATA (Default: **true**)
- WS_PROTOCOL (Default: **ws**)

### Postgres

- PSQL_DBNAME (Default: **eventol**)
- PSQL_USER (Default: **eventol**)
- PSQL_PASSWORD (Default: **secret**)
- PSQL_HOST (Default: **localhost**)
- PSQL_PORT (Default: **5432**)

## Deploy with Docker-Compose

### Update environment variables

```bash
cp deploy/docker/.env.dist deploy/docker/.env

# Change your variables in .env file
source .env
```

### Build nginx image with configuration

```bash
make build
```

### Build EventoL image

Only run this step when you want run local code in production mode

```bash
make build-local
```

### Deploy (pull, build and up)

```bash
make deploy
```

### Create admin user

```bash
make createsuperuser
```

## Result

### 6 containers

```bash
$ make status

        Name                      Command               State         Ports
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
docker_daphne_1        bash -c cd eventol; daphne ...   Up      8000/tcp
docker_nginx-proxy_1   /app/docker-entrypoint.sh  ...   Up      0.0.0.0:80->80/tcp
docker_nginx_1         /usr/sbin/nginx                  Up      80/tcp
docker_postgres_1      docker-entrypoint.sh postgres    Up      5432/tcp
docker_redis_1         docker-entrypoint.sh redis ...   Up      6379/tcp
docker_worker_1        ./wait-for-it.sh -p 5432 - ...   Up      8000/tcp
```

#### Server run in: **http://localhost/** (if you didn't change the HOST variable in your environment)

## Update server

```bash
make update
```

## Undeploy

### Stop containers

```bash
make stop
```

### Stop and remove containers (not remove data)

```bash
make undeploy
```

### Stop, remove contaienrs and REMOVE DATA

```bash
make undeploy-full
```
